All of work-time has been on Every Monday and Wednesday. Each Work-time has been an hour long. Each time we worked on coding and research in separate groups 2 people in each group. 

10/30/23 Worked on research, for solar, the major problems being making data tables. 
11/1/23 worked on research and website, fixing overall looks of the website. Research on geothermal. Challenges included, finding a website that had usable research, and working with JS.
11/6/23 worked on researching geothermal energy and worked on website design. The major problem was finding adequate information. So we searched for websites and added the information that we wanted to.
11/12/23 worked on researching geothermal, website formatting, and the cost section of solar panels. Major problems were formatting of the website and knowing what to add to each section of clean energy. We wanted to more to each section but didn't know what to add. As we were trying to target home owners and there are so many different kinds of green energy.
11/15/23 worked on researching geothermal energy and worked on website looks. The major problem was that geothermal information was not as in-depth as needed. Added those but needed more time, will work on them at the next meeting.

11/19/23 worked on researching geothermal energy and adding more to the main page of the website. Major problems are needing more information. We were trying to add more information to the geothermal section, we wanted more described information and more in-depth information. 
11/22/23 we worked on researching new topics and adding the information on geothermal to the website. Major problems are knowing what to add, and adding lots of information to the main page of the website. We added pages to the website instead of sections for each of the different green energy variations. 
11/26/23 worked on coding the website and HTML section for the topics. Major problems were, computers failing, and work time was limited to 47 minutes due to computer errors. We wanted to add the information from the google doc, but we didn't have access due to the person owning the doc not sharing the information.
11/29/23 worked on fixing errors and grammatical errors in our sections. The major problem is spelling. We fixed the spelling and other grammatical errors. 
12/6/23 worked on the overall look of the website. The major problem is the button size. The buttons were different sizes so we fixed that. And were debugging the old code.
12/13/23 worked on getting the website up and running. Major problems were finding a website that allowed us to make our website server.  We used w3schools spaces to host our website for now. 
12/18/23 worked on the website's overall design, problems being fixing minimum errors. We fixed the css, problems
12/20/23 worked on putting the research on separate pages, problem picking a background and overall style. We wanted to split it up to look nicer. But we couldn't decide on a style.








